[racl_ctrl] Added checklist.md (#27868)
lowRISC/opentitan: hw/ip_templates/racl_ctrl/doc/checklist.md

Review        | [REVIEW_SW_CHANGE][]    | Not Started |
Review        | [REVIEW_SW_ERRATA][]    | Not Started |
Review        | Reviewer(s)             | Not Started |
Review        | Signoff date            | Not Started |

[NEW_FEATURES_D3]:      /doc/project_governance/checklist/README.md#new_features_d3
[TODO_COMPLETE]:        /doc/project_governance/checklist/README.md#todo_complete
[LINT_COMPLETE]:        /doc/project_governance/checklist/README.md#lint_complete
[CDC_COMPLETE]:         /doc/project_governance/checklist/README.md#cdc_complete
[RDC_COMPLETE]:         /doc/project_governance/checklist/README.md#rdc_complete
[REVIEW_RTL]:           /doc/project_governance/checklist/README.md#review_rtl
[REVIEW_DELETED_FF]:    /doc/project_governance/checklist/README.md#review_deleted_ff
[REVIEW_SW_CHANGE]:     /doc/project_governance/checklist/README.md#review_sw_change
[REVIEW_SW_ERRATA]:     /doc/project_governance/checklist/README.md#review_sw_errata

## Verification Checklist

### V1

 Type         | Item                                  | Resolution  | Note/Collaterals
--------------|---------------------------------------|-------------|------------------

> Documentation | [DV_DOC_DRAFT_COMPLETED][]            | Not Started | [RACL_CTRL DV document](../dv/README.md)
> Documentation | [TESTPLAN_COMPLETED][]                | Not Started | [RACL_CTRL Testplan](../dv/README.md#testplan)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documentation | [DV_DOC_DRAFT_COMPLETED][]            | Not Started | TODO: Link to DV document when it exists
Documentation | [TESTPLAN_COMPLETED][]                | Not Started | TODO: Link to testplan when it exists
```

Testbench     | [CSR_CHECK_GEN_AUTOMATED][]           | Not Started |
Testbench     | [TB_GEN_AUTOMATED][]                  | Not Started |
Tests         | [SIM_SMOKE_TEST_PASSING][]            | Not Started |
Tests         | [SIM_CSR_MEM_TEST_SUITE_PASSING][]    | Not Started |
Tests         | [FPV_MAIN_ASSERTIONS_PROVEN][]        | Not Started |
Tool Setup    | [SIM_ALT_TOOL_SETUP][]                | Not Started |
Regression    | [SIM_SMOKE_REGRESSION_SETUP][]        | Not Started |
Regression    | [SIM_NIGHTLY_REGRESSION_SETUP][]      | Not Started |
Regression    | [FPV_REGRESSION_SETUP][]              | Not Started |
Coverage      | [SIM_COVERAGE_MODEL_ADDED][]          | Not Started |
Code Quality  | [TB_LINT_SETUP][]                     | Not Started |
Integration   | [PRE_VERIFIED_SUB_MODULES_V1][]       | Not Started |
Review        | [DESIGN_SPEC_REVIEWED][]              | Not Started |
Review        | [TESTPLAN_REVIEWED][]                 | Not Started |
Review        | [STD_TEST_CATEGORIES_PLANNED][]       | Not Started | Exception (?)
Review        | [V2_CHECKLIST_SCOPED][]               | Not Started |

> [DV_DOC_DRAFT_COMPLETED]:             <!-- TODO: Link to DV document when it exists -->
>                                       /doc/project_governance/checklist/README.md#dv_doc_draft_completed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[DV_DOC_DRAFT_COMPLETED]:             /doc/project_governance/checklist/README.md#dv_doc_draft_completed
```
